Privacy Policy
Francisco Quispe built the 'Testss App' as a Commercial app.This SERVICE is provider by Francisco Quispe and is intended for use as is.
This page used to infore website visitors regarding my policies with collection,use,and disclosure fo Personal Information if any .
If you choose to use my Service,then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy.The Personal Information.
Then terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions,which is accessible at 'Testss app'unless other Information collection and use
For a better experience,while using our Service,I may require you to provide us whith certain personally identifiable information,include The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers use by the app
Google Play Services (https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)
Firebase Analytics (https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics)

Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service,in a Case of an error in the app 
I Collect data and information(through third party)
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly use an anonymous unique idenfier.These are sen to your browser from the This Service does use these "cookies" explicity.However,the app may use third party code and libraries that use "cookies" to 

collection Service Providers
I may third-party companies and individuals due to the followind reason:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services;or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information.The reason is to perform the tas 

Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information ,thus we are striving to commercially acceptable means of protecting it.

Links to Other Sites
This Services may contain links to other sites.
is you click on a third-party link,you will be directed to that site.Note that these extend

Childrens Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13.I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information forma children.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time.
Thus,you are advised to review this page periodically for any Changes.












